What is compile time and run time?
Compile time is when the code is converted to an executable file while run time is when the executable file
is running.

What is heap?
Heap is where memory for classes and variables are allocated in Java, as opposed to stacks.

How java manage it's memory?
It allocates memory into heaps and stacks. Garbage collection removes unused data.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
String is a data type for storing a string of characters.
Stringbuffer and Stringbuilder are used to create Strings that can change value.

What is Singleton class?
A Singleton class is a class that can only have one object.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Serialization changes objects into byte stream. Deserialization is the reverse of that process, and needs
serialization in order to function.

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Integer takes more memory because it is 16 bytes while int is 4 bytes.

Why is String Immutable in Java?
It is mainly immutable for security reasons, as well as making it easier to treat them as normal variables which
can used between different methods.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
It is calling one constructor from another constructor with respect to the current object.

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
Serial uses a single thread for garbage collection while parallel uses multple threads for garbage collection.

What is JIT stands for?
Just In Time. The code in Java is compiled as the code is running.

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
During runtime Java heap space allocates memory to Objects and classes. Garbage collection frees heap space by
removing objects that have no reference to them.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
No you cannot guarantee it. It is dependent on the JVM.

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Stack is only used by on thread of execution while heap is used by the whole application